# Trade mechanism

{% hint style="info" %}
**Good to know:** Metatower is, however, much more than a messaging app. Its uniqueness is an integrated crypto trading function that allows users to trade P2P all crypto assets (fungible and NFTs) almost instantly and at the lowest costs on the market.
{% endhint %}

Metatower’s over the counter (OTC) trading features set it apart from existing crypto trading solutions: Meta tower’s OTC trading features take advantage of the ongoing boom in crypto trading, which has seen volumes top $1.5 trillion a month in 2021:By combining innovative trading capabilities with unique messaging features. Private traders prefer OTC trading as it usually involves huge transactions and offers more flexibility and better pricing than exchanges can offer. As crypto ownership becomes mainstream, the market need for seamless trading and secure messaging will merge into a single one, which Meta tower will be ideally positioned to service. Achieving this vision would make Meta tower go far beyond the scope of being just the next WhatsApp or Telegram – it would build the foundations for making it a pioneer of the Blockchain era. Here we want to describe some trading features:&#x20;

**OTC trading**: Due to the above, not using the exchange and direct trading can significantly reduce transaction costs for users. Using Solana infrastructure in the serum project, it is possible to trade between different networks with very high speed and meager commission. For example, it transferred tokens from the Bitcoin network to the Atrium network.&#x20;

**Messaging as a transaction:** Communicate directly and anonymously by messaging with any other wallet owner in the world, based only on wallet addresses. By sending a message, each person can send the required amount of tokens along with their wallet address to different users for any purpose. Users will receive the transaction if they accept the message. simply

**NVM Support for wallets:** [the Neon EVM](https://forkast.news/headlines/neon-virtual-machine-ethereum-dapps-solana/) will initially run on the Solana testnet, immediately allowing access to tools familiar to Ethereum users, including Metamask, Remix, and Truffle, to work on Solana. The initial testnet launch will also mean popular dApps, including UniSwap, SushiSwap, 0x, and MakerDAO can be used on Solana. Its implementation will also let users port Ethereum-based applications to Solana. Secretum will therefore be able to leverage the speed of cost advantages of Solana with the ubiquity of Ethereum-based applications.&#x20;

**NFT Support:** A total of 27 large-scale crypto wallet attacks occurred in 2020, with owners being robbed of over $3 billion. With the global value of NFTs rapidly reaching $50 billion, collectors need a solution that ensures their valuable digital assets are safe when stored and traded. Most of today’s NFTs are based on Ethereum-standard Blockchain tokens (ERC-20, ERC-721, or ERC-1155). Since each token needs a certain amount of power to be generated, each NFT transaction comes with a so-called “gas fee.” The fee is currently about 5.23% of the average NFT price – a high cost. Solana’s transaction costs average only $0.00025, saving over 99% from average Ethereum gas fees. This means NFT collectors and traders save more money and significantly increment their trading activity.&#x20;

**Price Flexibility** – As cryptos are an utterly novel asset class, prices remain highly volatile. OTC trading has the advantage of allowing traders to negotiate prices, especially for NFTs, in a way beneficial to all parties involved. \
